SSL Server Test
Another scanning tool we can use is the
SSL Server Test from Qualys SSL Labs.
This tool analyzes a server’s SSL/TLS
configuration
and compares it against current best
practices.
It will also identify some SSL/TLS related
vulnerabilties,
such as Poodle or Heartbleed.
Let’s scan www.megacorpone.com and check
the results.
The results are not as bad as the
Security Headers check.
However, the weak Diffie-Hellman key
exchange, RC4 ciphers,
and lack of Forward Secrecy suggest our
target is not applying
current best practices for SSL/TLS
hardening.
For example, disabling RC4 ciphers
has been recommended for several years
due to mulitple vulnerabilities.
We can use these findings to get an
insight on the security practices,
or lack thereof, within the target
organization.